[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: So how are we feeling
about generator Let's try an exercise and
see how we're feeling about generators.
We're gonna go one more time,
deep back in the well one more time.
This running example that we've had of
making the three calls in parallel and
sequencing their responses.
I cannot wait for you to see how cool
the solution is with generators.
This is the hardest thing for me to do,
to wait ten more minutes while you try it,
cuz I just wanna show it to you right now.
But I wanna give you a chance to practice
thinking about generators the way I
just talked about, try to see if you
can get your brain wrapped around.
How would I do things in parallel,
but then wait for
them to sequence their output?
So try exercise seven with a generator.
You can use a sequence to run
it cuz that's pretty convenient,
it's already included there for you.
The last five or
six slides should have more than
enough info to help you with that.